Make bubble sort and selection sort optional lessons. (#9)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-interlude: sorting-algorithms/problem-set-sorting-algorithms.md

### !end-challenge
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> <!-- Question 2 -->

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of having the question number comments in the markdown. I know this is maintaining the consistency with what's here already, but these just seem to be potential busy work.

> There's nothing like getting familiar with sorting algorithms than to implement it yourself!

Reviewer: Outside your change, but this jumped out me as being really strangely worded. Could we slip this in?

```suggestion
There's no better way to get familiar with sorting algorithms than to implement one ourselves!
```
